# Trade Management System

Hippo4j Thread Pool. The Morpheus library is designed to facilitate the development of high performance analytical software. FinRL­-Meta Dynamic datasets and market environments for FinRL. QuickFIX/J is a full featured messaging engine for the FIX protocol. Aeron the global technology standard for high-throughput, low-latency, fault-tolerant trading systems. LMax disruptor is a high performance inter-thread messaging library. ta4j is a Java library for technical analysis. Philadelphia is a fast (FIX) protocol library. Parity is an software platform for trading venues. FX-Trade is a open source FX trading platform based on the OANDA API. Interactive Brokers API wrapper and trading toolbox. Alpaca lets you trade with algorithms, connect with apps, and build services. Cassandre trading bot framework. Generic Java-based framework for trade automation. StockSharp are free platform for trading. Shark is an open source algorithmic trading platform. Fluent Framework is a concurrent, scalable, low-latency electronic trading framework. Risk tools for commodities trading and finance. OpenStock is an open-source alternative to expensive market platforms. QuantLib is a free/open-source library for modeling, trading, and risk management in real-life. Exchange-core is a market exchange core. Codera Quant Java framework allows development of automated algorithmic trading strategies. Coin Trader is a Java-based backend for algorithmically trading cryptocurrencies. Sailfish is a test automation tool whose primary purpose is testing of bi-directional message flows in distributed trading platforms and market data delivery systems. vnpy is a python-based open-source quantitative trading platform development framework. Qbot is an AI-oriented automated quantitative investment platform. WonderTrader – A One-Stop Framework for Quantitative Research and Trading. FinnewsHunter a multi-agent financial intelligence system based on AgenticX. TradeMaster is a platform for quantitative trading
